My name is Keegan Anglim. I was the cofounder and CTO of ForEveryone.ai. I worked on a web application called, PocketPR. PocketPR used openAI to connect YouTube content creators with their content and comment section. Our aim is to help facilitate conversations between the LLM and the content creator. Technology used in this project included Clerk for user authentication, Supabase/Postgres for database storage, Vercel for hosting, NextJS as our full stack framework, LangChain for our open AI interactions, OpenAI's ChatGPT 4.0 and Ada models for chat and embedding features, Vercel-UI kit for our front end, YouTube Data API to gather comments and captions for our users' YouTube videos, and more. I have made contributions across our tech stack, but with more of an emphasis on the back end. We only had a few test users, but we decided to discontinue the project after not getting much interest or traction.

I completed a full stack web development Bootcamp at UCLA extension from June 2022 to August 2022. Through the Bootcamp, I learned technologies, such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, J-query, React, node, SQL, MySQL, MongoDB, sequelize, mongoose, GraphQL, and others. I created roughly 20 small solo projects, and three larger group projects. The Bootcamp concluded with a demo day, where myself and another team member presented our e-commerce application to a group of developers.

Since completing the web development Bootcamp, I have participated in several hackathons. In October 2022, I worked on an application called Surpay, which used technologies such as Blockchain, Solidity, Hardhat, Mumbai testnet, NextJS, MySQL, and others, to create a SAAS application where companies could create a survey, fund a smart contract, then users could take the survey and receive a portion of the funded contract after enough survey takers had participated. 

In February 2023, I participated in another Web3 hackathon hosted by Chainlink, where I wrote the smart contract for the application. The idea for this application was to create an E-sports betting platform, where streamers could place challenges with their audience, and the audience could bet via smart contract on whether or not the streamer would be able to accomplish a challenge. We weren't really able to implement the project within the hackathon timeframe.

I also participated in two smaller hackathons through the DearJuniorDev discord group. The first project was an educational website about the solar system, which was required to include a database. The second project was to create a discord bot that would improve the discord community in some way. We chose to create a bot that would make it easier to facilitate future hackathons. 

Prior to the bootcamp, I took a self-paced Udemy course called 100 days of Python, where I learned how to create CLI applications, web applications, using flask, and basics of using Jupyter notebooks for data analysis and visualization. 

I am currently teaching an Introduction to Web Design at Cypress College while I look for regular employment as a full stack developer. I am continuously learning about new technologies through the website frontend Masters. I have taken a variety of courses since the beginning of 2023, including: introduction to NextJS, Vim Fundamentals, Basics of Go, Advanced CSS with flex box and grid, Rust for Typescript Developers, Web Design for Developers, How to Create High-converting websites, AWS Lambda with Serverless, the Last Algorithms Course You'll Need, Digging into Node, the Hard Parts of Node, Full stack for Front End Developers, and others. I practice at least one Leetcode question each day, and host a local software developer meetup each week. 

Since October of 2023, I have been learning Golang. I use Go when I am practicing Leetcode questions. I also wrote my portfolio site using Go with Gin webframework, and HTMX and Tailwind on the frontend. I've have been meeting regularly with a senior developer mentor via an online meetup. He has been giving me advice and code reviews on the CLI applications that I have been writing using Go, and the charm.sh library, which uses the Elm architecture. I have learned a lot about signals, debugging, and event loops over the course of working on these CLI projects.

Prior to my journey into software development, I worked as a musician and adjunct music instructor at various colleges throughout Los Angeles from 2013-2023. I have a bachelors, masters, doctorate of music from the University of Southern California, where I majored in jazz guitar. 

